voodoo N
We exhibited for the first time in three years
This year's Uchi booth is
To say that's in Well plate performer of Sidewinder
I exhibition became Kaiserslautern of the rod only
Slap shot already out
Super border out cross
With 2 animals
Spec Pro Racer and Hazard Master
constrictor
Ever constrictor
Veranfan
You only crowded
It is the second if after Well additional models of Bush Viper and its ingredients in
That Well 12 years Khan
Sidewinder has been making
Changed
Well that
By Kedomo unusual blank say that has not changed in together
Red when taking over the sidewinder's duel
It has become in the booth
Yes
so
Because only that Masao
How are you changing this gray performa degree with the previous sidewinders
Positive
You can feel it here
New and old side winders
Be able to compare
I can bend a little more
This is slap gp
Here
Slap of first child sidewinder
Oh my little school
I 'm getting a drop comparison
After bending by bending the floor is a Well blank together for you
Oko because I wonder the chill that the had also ic card
It is a concept of feeling to get you to feel it
later
huge huge custom of the people there
One is added
Oh dear
As we had seen
Follow
Open management
It is a lot
This new this year
In detail
Pretty short guy
From this 58
After testing, I finally settled on this length now
overseas
When organizing
By it made the dive computer compact If we had been in this group
Well and trouble of construction is also healthy
While its conventional power
High emphasis on autumn
The portability and portability and jerk bait are also good
That kind of feeling
Lot has been added
Roughly like this
voodoo